Add updates and clarification to Tutorial 1 and 2 (#359)
square/workflow-kotlin: samples/tutorial/Tutorial1.md

)
```

> Then we need to create a `ViewFactory` that knows how to create an Android `View` to draw the actual screen. The easiest way to create a `ViewFactory` is to create a layout runner. A layout runner is a class that has a reference to the view and knows how to update the view given an instance of a screen. In a typical app, every screen will have a layout runner. Layout runners can also work with AndroidX `ViewBinding`s, which we'll use to define the `WelcomeLayoutRunner`. We have a pre-built `WelcomeViewBinding` that you can use. This binding will be autogenerated from layout files in `tutorials-views` when you first built the app. But if you would like to create and lay out the view yourself, feel free to do so!

Author: I went looking for this class before first build and could not find it. 🤦

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then we need to create a `ViewFactory` that knows how to create an Android `View` to draw the actual screen. The easiest way to create a `ViewFactory` is to create a layout runner. A layout runner is a class that has a reference to the view and knows how to update the view given an instance of a screen. In a typical app, every screen will have a layout runner. Layout runners can also work with AndroidX `ViewBinding`s, which we'll use to define the `WelcomeLayoutRunner`. We have a pre-built `WelcomeViewBinding` that you can use. This binding will be autogenerated from layout files in `tutorials-views` when you first build the app. However, if you would like to create and lay out the view yourself instead, feel free to do so!
```

  object Output

  override fun render(

>     props: Unit,

Author: I know the template creates them as `renderX`, but everywhere else in the code you reference them as just `x`.

Reviewer: `renderX` is the new API. See #307 and #322 .
